It has been a interesting few days to say the least, especially with me and my friends. A bunch of things are going on, but I seem to manage it. During my TPT2 projects, Taya got dumped by her boyfriend, which occured on Friday. I decided to check in on Taya on Saturday (still during my TPT2 projects), because it's been a little while before that point that we actually had a full conversation. That conversation is when I was made aware of what occured the night prior.

Taya let me know in detail on what occured that night, on how her boyfriend dumped her randomly. She has noticed that he was fine prior going to a concert, about 5 hours prior, as they discussed about how he would marry her. Then he called Taya after the concert, dumping her right then and there. He has explained that he hasn't been in a relationship 3-5 years ago, and he feels weird. Random right? I discussed this to one of my other female affiliates, Zane, to see if we could come up about what happened. Zane came up that he probably cheated on her. I mentioned the possibility to Taya, that he could've cheated on her. The rest of the night, I just let Taya spill it all out. After all, it is a therapy tactic to let people spill it all out, makes them feel better afterwards because they've been heard and they do not have to hold it in anymore. That was the case with Taya, she felt a lot better, so much so she was not gonna cry herself to sleep. I could only imagine how much crying she did on the night prior, Friday night. 

Before Taya went to bed, I mentioned that, she has partly of her last name as a new street in one of my TPT2 projects, the Baymount District overhaul, named Wettlauf. Fun fact, the Baymount District is older than I've been aware of Taya's existence, Late 2021 compared to August 2023. This street name isn't new, it's been around for a couple of months after the expansion of the Baymount District (before the overhaul), I just didn't mention it up until this point because we haven't talked in a while, just making it feel like we were kinda falling apart. Wettlauf is also a city in one of my digital maps I created, which in these maps, contains highways, roads, territory points, etc. It looks like one of those maps you pick up at the rest stop off the interstate, but made with MS Paint, but I didn't mention that either due to the same reason. Anyways, getting side tracked. I talked to her about the street, saying it has a bridge and tunnel, and it connects to the Baymount Station. She appreciated it, she liked it, that felt good. Well, pretty much the whole conversation just made me feel good, I made one of my female friend's day, making it from somewhat horrible, sitting in a lot of mental pain, to somewhat happy. That just felt good. After saying the details about the road, that's when she went to sleep.

The next day, Sunday. Taya seemed better, a lot more better then I originally talked to her on Friday. We first talked about how she writes down her feelings on a piece of paper every day since the dump, basically, journalism, in some sort of diary. I already had a mental journal/diary in my Discord server called CodingHome v2. I just spat whatever came to mind, then put it there because people seemed interested in whatever I thought. Then we talked about the Finch app, a mental health/virtual pet sort of app where it checks up on you and sets goals for your day. Taya used to have this, I had it for over 40 days at that point. She reinstalled it after we both mentioned on our experience of it. We added each other on Finch, and it lets you send little notes to help motivate/help the other person. We've been using the notes feature since, still to this day. That's not all we talked about that Sunday though. Taya said that, she was surprised that she was that open with me, and she thought that her other close friends wouldn't wanna listen for that long as she did the day prior. That just made my heart melt. We just talked about on how we're just good friends for the rest of that day.

Monday, or as I'm writing this, yesterday. I asked if there was any foreshadowing that he would do something like this. There was none, but there was a couple of red flags: talking trash about other women, a lot of compliments about her body rather than her face or anything else, and just a bit of other stuff. Taya also said that she needed a bit of support during this rough time, and she'll let me know if she needs space. She said that her mom used their (Taya and the now called ex) song on her TikTok video. She felt a bit more heartbroken. I asked what song was it, but she did not want to discuss that, which was fine. 

That's all the days so far in a summary. I'm just writing this so I can keep this as not just a memory, but a big section of a chapter in my story. These were good times, because I was helping Taya heal. I thinked I changed over the past few months for the better though, so I guess I'm just repaying because the horrible human being I was a couple of years ago. Taya, if you are reading this, thanks for being there for me so many times before, you helped my life become better, and I thinked I changed for the better, partly because of you being so nice to me, which not a lot of people are to me, so thank you. Since you helped me so much in my life with these 11 months that we knew each other, I just wanna repay you and help you in your life when you need it during these tough times you're experiencing. I like helping you heal, it gives me good feelings and it makes us better friends together. I am just repaying my debt to you Taya. So thanks again, I hope you fully mentally and emotionally heal soon, and I'll try to make it happen more sooner. I still cannot believe that anyone would dump you like that. Nobody should treat you or anybody else like that. You are beautiful and cute, including the face that your ex did not want to compliment. You are nice, honest, and overall a good person to be around. You are everything to me. Thank you.